[Music]
that's our new theme music everyone it's
the crowd is going wild
hello everyone my name is james
and welcome to the padreon podcast
patreon
um it's very a very alexis way of saying
it yes it is padre on
um i haven't i've had i haven't even
seen shit's creek and i've just seen so
many memes like it's become a part of
the culture i have i do need to watch it
and that actually leads into our topic
topic because most people don't know
shit's creek as the canadian tv show
that for a minute had the canadian
government
rethinking the way that it funds our
media our weird nationalistic art bill
and then changed its mind to continue to
be stupid and national but they know it
as the netflix series that hit netflix
series that won all the emmys in this
last season yeah
um
and uh
yeah because this week on the poderon
patreon we're going to be talking about
streaming services because netflix this
week took a
bit of a dive off a cliff and everyone's
in panic mode trying to figure out why
did this happen look a bit and and it's
obvious why it happened and we're going
to talk about that yeah so
netflix sorry as i recall this is
netflix's first subscriber drop ever
ever i forget the amount that they
dropped i think it was
200 000 they lost that's not
unsubstantial
i can't remember the exact amount and i
don't have my laptop in front of me so
i'm just gonna go i have mine now you
wanna uh go follow me they lost a bunch
of subscribers yeah um
and because they lost a bunch of
subscribe bunch of subscribers that
meant that they also lost a bunch of
worth on the stock market because people
who invest in stocks don't know how to
play the long game at all and they
panicked and funny story about what
happened in 1928 in new york 29. that
was 28 29. okay because it was like the
end of the roaring 20s yeah that's i
thought there was like that's why i
thought there was two years so um what
happens everyone knows about the great
depression but nobody knows exactly why
it happened
yeah
so once everyone knows that there was a
stock market crash yeah what happened
was throughout the 20s it was just after
world war one people decided that we
were done with the old world old money
values of europe because that led to the
world's most devastating conflict
possibly in history including a world
war ii it was time for a good time yeah
it was time for a good time um and so
which i'm hoping after this pandemic is
over we will have a new roaring 20s what
what happened was um
they basically invented the stock market
in this period of time where the globe
was no the stock market's been around
for a while oh yeah but in terms of just
opening it up to the public as making it
as accessible as it was yeah uh it was
this wild new idea where you know like
people were exchanging money and getting
literally rich overnight
um nobody knew how it worked um funny
story nothing's changed yeah i still
don't know
it's just that now people get rich in
minutes so
to start or lose everything thanks also
were the 1920s were also a period of
strong republican control over america
and that's
deregulation regularization which means
banks could hand out credit not loans
credit for literally nothing and banks
were getting rich off of this people
were getting rich off this people were
going broke and killing themselves off
this evening but loans are credit oh
yeah but like you know like lines of
credit rather than just like we're gonna
give you this lump sum it's like we're
going to manage your credit through our
institution
um
so people
got loans and then invested in the stock
market with loaned money
which is still how most people do it and
but and this was on mass in the 20s um
a lot of people
get a loan
to
put into their retirement fund so that
they can start
putting into it early
and pay it off and it's it's dumb but
like terms like boom and bust did not
apply did not register to the average
person they didn't exist in the stock
market the stock market was the same
thing it goes it's like a woman's it's
like a ladies games they just go up and
up and up um
i love 20 slang so much
um
so people were just throwing money
around and you know as what happens with
boom and bust sometimes supply and
demand stuff the 1930 going into the
1930s and the late 20s there was
beginning to be a drought in the
american midwest
um the stock the stock known as the dust
bowl for the historians in the crowd the
stock price of wheat
they felt the need to applaud
our loving audience
um
the stock market price for wheat
wheat like you know the grain that comes
out of the ground i'm explaining to the
audience because like i know you know i
think this is amazing but i don't i need
to emphasize like that i think this is
insane the stock price of wheat dipped
slightly
very slightly you know like okay it's a
it's not like an overnight drop it was
like you know it's okay this is a yeah
this is a drop
um
everyone
on it wasn't like when the ruble dropped
and oh yeah yeah it was just russia had
to shut down their stock exchange it was
just a little dip it wasn't anything
that wouldn't happen that wouldn't have
recovered over another week or two yeah
everyone at that at the exact same
moment on the stock market floor in new
york on in 1929 apparently um it might
have been 28. i'm pretty sure it was 29
but um everyone
flipped a literal [ __ ]
um and everyone sold sales out yes
everyone sold everything they had in
wheat
um which drove the price of wheat into
the ground yeah dipped it down even
further
which then destroyed the global economy
and what this has to do with netflix
is that that's kind of what happens in
today's stock market is when
something has a bad day
um when netflix puts out and says
they've lost subscribers
when
you know a company comes out and says
when nintendo says it's going to start
implementing mandatory vacation time for
their yeah when apple says you know we
sold 20 billion iphones instead of 30
billion iphones um
there is huge sell-offs and a lot of
times companies will lose
billions and billions and billions and
billions of dollars in these sell-offs
which will make stock worth a whole lot
less money which then
opens it up for people with less money
to actually buy the stock if they're
smart because they know it's going to go
back up because it's not like netflix's
stock is going to stay down
um
and so
because of that
now because of the stock
sell-off
the minor stock sell-off of netflix and
relatively minor and the fact that they
have lost subscribers for the first time
ever
um net subscribers lost net subscribers
yeah net loss um
people are now like oh my god is this
the death of netflix this is the end and
it's like
yeah this reaction 100 years later this
reactionary thinking has not gone away
and it's because
here's the thing with streaming services
streaming services
have a thing called churn
and that is when and it's something that
a lot of streaming services take into
account and it is that people will
subscribe to
disney plus for two months while one
division is on and then they'll cancel
their subscription they'll go over to
amazon prime and then all the shows that
they use and then watch
whatever comes out then the boys and the
shows that they've missed and then
they'll go over to apple tv apple tv and
then they'll go well depend and then
they'll go over to paramount plus et
cetera et cetera so on and so forth and
they'll cycle back around to netflix
cycle recognition no no no no no no let
me finish okay let me finish you are
uninformed so this is what you informed
me the other day nobody has churned
netflix before
netflix is the solid one
that's the one that doesn't get churned
now it is
churnable because there's too many sure
no
if you ask investors yes
um
but because
uh
because netflix was never really the
churn into that um
that was never really taken into account
and
because netflix was all they were
putting out so much content all the time
why would you ever leave netflix there
was always something new to watch
but netflix has been raising their
prices
consistent consistently um multiple
times since the pandemic started the
prices have gone up i remember
when the pandemic started for
four screens with
hd
streaming
i was paying 12.99 a month and that's
like double that isn't it now i'm paying
something like 25 for four screens in 4k
not everything isn't most things are not
in 4k on netflix um
but so it has basically doubled over the
course of two years and that was after
netflix was 7.99 for a decade
um
now disney plus has that price
no disney plus has gone up
um
but yeah like that the double jump is
insane over two years yeah huge jump and
the sort of argument is well you can go
down to a lower tier do you need all
four screens can you do two maybe one
and stuff like that and it's and it's
because what they're trying to do is
get rid of
uh account sharing
because a lot of people are you know
sharing their accounts with family
members with friends stuff like that and
they want to get rid of that and that's
why the prices have been going up to be
like okay if you want those four screens
you're gonna be paying more
um to try and make up for the fact that
they are that there are people not
subscribing because they're basically
getting it through their family yeah um
and so that's what they've been trying
to get rid of but now people are just
unsubscribing because it's too expensive
yeah and people instead of gaining
subscribers like they thought
people are unsubscribing because it's
too expensive because when you go when
like say you've cut the cord you don't
have cable anymore
um when you do netflix and hbo max and
paramount plus and apple tv and uh
amazon prime it's a cable package again
yeah you're paying i saw that
when everyone started announcing like
this was like two or three years ago
when everyone started announcing their
own personal pets uh streaming a
streaming service this is when
um amazon prime is out and disney plus
there was it was hulu netflix and amazon
prime and those were kind of like the
ones yeah and then apple disney hbo max
uh peacock discovery
yeah like they all started coming it's
just everything dropped and everyone was
like okay so this is cable again yeah
it's cable again
people called it and
um especially because like streaming
services were advertised as the
alternative to cable
specifically netflix because netflix was
like everything you love is here yeah
and then with all the new streaming
services popping up networks were
pulling their content from netflix yeah
and so netflix needed to produce more
content and so they went into a massive
amount of debt to produce a ton of new
content which was one of the reasons
they needed to up their prices because
they went into a massive amount of debt
um
and
because of that now you know they've
lost the subscribers and everything so
now what they're talking about is okay
well what we'll do
is we're not going to allow multiple
screens anymore
um that's one of their ideas like an
account is an account you have your
account and it is for your household and
that is it
um
and one of their other ideas is like a
599 subscription with ads
um which is completely antithetical to
yeah that's netflix's original mission
statement
um
and so they're trying to like figure out
oh and they're severely cutting back on
their animation animation department
yeah they're cutting back in their
animation department because animation
is very expensive they were putting a
lot of money into it and it wasn't
getting the results
that other things on netflix like a
documentary get yeah documentaries are
much cheaper to produce than an animated
series and especially the animation
quality that netflix goes for yeah um i
haven't actually seen any of netflix's
animation that was oh my god yeah i
thought that was produced by riot and
then just bought by netflix no like
that's netflix uh the castlevania was
netflix
um okay like yeah so like that wasn't
netflix goes for high quality animation
i guess that's why i didn't peg it as
netflix because when i assumed like oh
netflix has an animation department i'm
like okay they do like you know blue sky
stuff i was the other one love death
robots
uh love death and robots was not stellar
i watched the first season well won a
bunch of emmys oh well yeah
um but um we won't talk about it
but yeah so they're they're cutting back
on that uh because they have a lot of
animation that is just children's
animation
that does very very well because it it
becomes the babysitter
like coco melon and things like that um
and so they're like okay we're gonna
continue to produce that because that is
bringing in the subscribers people like
the the view minutes are there because
people are plopping their kids down in
front of the tv and so we're you know
that is worth it but you know but is
arcane worth it castlevania was a bit
niche on its own like well yeah like is
the adult animation worth it for them is
what they're kind of asking now
um and
the thing that's just boggling my brain
is that so many people
you know entertainment commenters and
business commentators and stuff like
that are trying to you know
are saying you know could this be the
end of netflix and everything and it's
like no it's not the end of netflix
it's that
the industry has changed
it is no longer
you know netflix amazon and disney for a
long time it was just netflix
yeah and you know
now there are so many streaming services
that
it becomes untenable for most people
under the average income to pay for all
of them yeah and so like just going off
of that and talking about like the
future of streaming services i don't
understand why each studio network maine
and jerry and cletus
need their own streaming service i don't
understand why that's financially
feasible for them to invest that hbo for
instance had a terrible time rolling out
hbo go and hbo max which are different
hbo goes years and years ago okay so is
hbo max now hbo go
was just streaming
hbo content when you want to stream it
okay
hbo max is a whole is different from hbo
hbo max has shows
like
our flag means death euphoria
no no fourier's on hbo jesus has shows
like um flag means death that are not on
hbo
but everything that's on hbo is on hbo
max
so you would think people would choose
hbo max over hbo yeah but
they're not
because
i forget what it is i think it's like 70
million households are subscribed to hbo
via their cable package which means they
get hbo max for free
they get it for free but only about 40
million have signed up
so they're just happy with the hbo shows
that they're either happy for it or hbo
has not let them know yeah and you get
this for free hey like i said i was i
said i dropped hbo go i think it's
confusing obviously it's not great
market it's not great marketing no
because there was hbo go hbo now hbo
right um
i think canada had one of them i think
we had hbo now via hbo go i remember
okay
okay so now was the streaming service
yeah um
in the us where you could just stream
movies and stuff yeah um and now hbo max
has kind of taken over all of that we
don't have hbo and max in canada instead
crave has kind of because we've absorbed
everything that comes from hbo we have a
monopolistic um yeah we have like one
cable telecom provider
and um
there are some other cable companies but
bell is basically the the monopoly yeah
um like hbo is only available through
bell yeah and so right now like you know
like because everyone needs to have
their own streaming services they're
cutting into the profits they have like
you could have like you know um you
could have hbo having a streaming
division a streaming producer production
company that produces stuff for content
that then ships off to netflix i don't
understand why they
they they want to get rid of these they
saw the money yeah they saw the money
that was coming in to netflix and they
were like
we want a piece of that because netflix
is just paying us a licensing fee to
have
um
big bang theory yeah and
why don't we just put big bang theory
why don't we start our own stream
because like things like peacock which
is nbc cbs all access they're like we
literally have decades
of content
that we can put up instantly so like oh
you want to watch murder she wrote here
you go merch marketer brain why what was
going on in the
sort of like marketing focus group room
when they kind of made that decision
instead of realizing that there was no
marketing focus group okay it was simply
a dis an executive dis level decision
of
we have these decades of content that we
can put up immediately you know oh you
want to watch the golden girls or you
know cheers or cosby or whatever
maybe not cosby
it's there immediately for you to watch
like on nbc or cbs or whatever yeah um
or with abc with disney but
they
and so they're like why don't we just
start our own streaming services and
then
the numbers will be coming to us for you
know streaming friends and seinfeld and
stuff like that instead of people
subscribing and paying netflix and
netflix is making more money off of
you know
friends than they paid to license it
which is like well that's how business
works you need to make a profit off of
things um
and so they all decided almost at the
same time oh yeah it was ridiculous we
all have to stop renewing our netflix
licenses yeah
and so like did no one really like kind
of read the room and sort of see like
you know like if we all have this for
the same price people don't have the
money that's not that's not financially
tenable like because now instead of
instead of making money they were making
off of licenses they're not making any
money they're not going to make it they
are they're making money they they all
have subscribers because the way they
looked at it
here's the thing
hbo
uh cbs all access peacock
abc via disney plus
um all of these companies
they are cable companies yeah they
have
monthly subscribers via cable yeah
um
and so they have a old-school mindset
netflix
created the streaming video
yeah like streaming movies and stuff
like that arena and so they have more of
a modern mindset of that so these people
were like they didn't think oh well will
they sign up for all of these streaming
services because they're like oh it's
like cable of course they will
and but it's not like cable because
cable is a matter of like appointment
television where streaming is more a
matter of convenience like what's on
netflix what's available what can i
watch like well yeah especially because
not everything is available in every
country netflix is literally different
in every country yeah um
but
so they kind of looked at it as
they they will because they want to
watch the shows and they have this cable
mindset whereas netflix was very much we
need to get you here
because
it's not
like just innate that you will be here
yeah and so that's why netflix has
started doing original content like
orange is the new black and house of
cards and stuff like that
um
and so it was it's
it it's two very different mindsets and
you know there's already been talk of
companies popping up that will aggregate
all of them together so you can get a
package bundle with multiple streaming
services
available for you know
under one charge yeah you know that one
charge might be hundred bucks a month
but you'll get your act but you'll get
to choose like five of them yeah and
it's like
that's cable that's cable that's okay
that's cable but on through a computer
yeah
and then once again we're back at the
problem that arose out of the need for
netflix in the first place even though
netflix was originally a
competitor to the video rental like
blockbuster well yeah but then they put
blockbuster out of business because
blockbuster refused to adapt now is
netflix
are these kind of things for netflix are
they appropriate adaptations and i don't
i don't really think they are
because they're what do you mean what
kind of things uh the netflix's plans to
sort of uh fix things you know like
making making it difficult to share
accounts
uh oh no i think making it i think
increase the worst thing you want to do
when your
business model is keeping people
subscribed to you
is making things inconvenient yeah and
like that's kind of what i was picking
out because like netflix was picked
because it was convenient over
blockbuster you didn't have to go out
you didn't have to get a video delivered
you didn't have to give anything back it
was like you you have monthly monthly
subscription
and well netflix originally was a video
mail system yeah yeah
but it was you know you don't need to
drive to blockbuster yeah stuff like
that it will be delivered to you and so
it was more convenient than blockbuster
so it beat it and then netflix was
starting to beat cable
for viewership and that's when all of
cable went well we want to do netflix
um but if everyone does netflix and no
one does netflix that's the thing like
you know like this isn't a matter of you
know like but people won't i don't think
people will ever go for like a bundled
uh streaming package i don't think
that's oh they will but here's the thing
they said we want to be netflix and it
was fine having multiple streaming
services is fine because churn is
something that's easy okay disney plus
this month then i'll cancel it i'll go
over to hbo and then i'll cancel it then
i'll go to peacock et cetera et cetera
um
it's the fact that netflix never took
churn into account
and now
because netflix went into so much debt
yeah to create as much content as
possible because they lost all their
licensed content
now
they
are like oh we need to up it's the price
increases that are driving people away
people for netflix
or for people netflix was just the
default yeah like that was just a
rollover they never thought of netflix
it became the generic term for a
streaming service like you know like
yeah like q-tip or
netflix yeah um
and so it was never like a big
like they never really had huge
cancellations because people
they would turn through the other ones
but for netflix it was just it was
always stable there was a regular sort
of array of content like it was
predictable you knew it was there and
the thing is the executives of netflix
making the argument
not making the argument of we increased
prices too much
because there is a ceiling of where
people will accept a price increase yeah
this goes for absolutely everything from
from toilet paper to streaming services
when you reach a certain dollar amount
not toilet paper because that's a
necessity but anything that isn't a
necessity when you reach a certain
dollar amount people will stop paying
for it so then you need to pull back
and you know say okay we need to lower
the price of x
and then you lower it and lower it until
people come back and then you say okay
that's the price the market will support
yeah and netflix
didn't do that well they kept pushing
and seeing okay how far can we go
but now they're not saying okay let's
pull the price back
because
when they because if they say we'll pull
the price back investors will get angry
but investors already are angry because
people because subscribers are leaving
yeah and it's like what will cost you
more
you know
subscribers subscriptions being three
dollars cheaper per month or losing 200
000 people in a month so is is this the
same is this being hit i know there are
two executives main executives at
netflix uh do we know who is basically
calling our shots here and follow-up
question is it the one who handled the
david chappelle debacle
dave chappelle
i said david yeah dave chappelle um
probably he is
the
there's there's
the two executives are netflix one of
them basically runs the business side
one runs the creative so this is the
business side this is all the business
side
um
and so it would be his decision i forget
his name he looks like an [ __ ] he
does yeah he just looks like one of
those
people and the other one likes to stay
out of the out of photo photographs well
yeah because they're the one who goes
around and makes the deal with talent
and stuff like that and screen lights
projects and is schmoozing with you know
oscar voters and stuff like that and
so i don't even know who they are but i
know they exist
um
and so no this is
that executive the one who came out and
was like oh we love dave chappelle he
makes us money
we're gonna give him more money yeah
like especially like this is interesting
like you know the netflix drop base like
the price hikes in light of dave
chappelle's um you know 11 10 million
dollar
deal like for a comedy special like well
yeah i mean like no one's really talking
about that because i don't
because that's one
well that's one deal what else is are
they like just completely overspending
on cause like 10 million dollars for
a lot yeah yeah 10 million and that's
what that was a rhetorical question 10
million dollars for just a comment but
they have told it's ridiculous why do
they have to they have to because
netflix does not want to publicly
release their numbers
they don't want to publicly release and
say
this
until very recently they haven't even
released any kind of ratings
um
i think it's like how many hours watched
or something like that but not
necessarily how many people
um
they haven't wanted to say like yeah
that was the whole thing about netflix
is they didn't really release ratings
they didn't really release or anything
so you never knew what was a success or
what was the failure yeah um
investors got um subscribers and that
was about it yeah
and
so because of that
they could because they didn't want to
release those numbers you couldn't have
royalty checks
because otherwise you would have to make
those numbers public and so in lieu of
having loyalty checks they just paid
everyone upfront a [ __ ] ton of money
and sometimes they would pay ridiculous
amounts of money for things that know
what other studio would do like the
irishman the martin scorsese movie every
other studio was like this is too
expensive there is no audience the
audience for this is not large enough
we're not paying 100 million dollars for
this and netflix was like we will like
you know there there was that joke of
hello it's netflix you're you're
approved like hello thank you for
calling netflix you've been approved
yeah like you've been approved for 13
episodes that's that's that was the joke
for the longest time
um
and now
those chickens are kind of coming home
to roost
and
it sucks
because
netflix
has kind of become known as
the home of
queer content
yeah um
and it's like
is that going to be cut
is kind of where my brain might be
because i'm like that's an easy thing to
cut
that
you know
the your investors aren't going to care
that much yeah um
like i don't think it will because a lot
of their queer content is incredibly
popular but you know you also never
really know especially like you know
like what is going to be the decision
about what kind of content is going to
well i think there would be too much
backlash oh yeah like
especially when gay people talking about
queer content on netflix is basically
what netflix has in terms of goodwill in
the public yeah like there there's
already a huge amount of backlash to hbo
max for not
renewing our flag means death yet yeah
and because it's hugely popular and
everyone knows it's hugely but that's
the thing like people this this isn't
the first time this has happened and
that's why people are anxious about our
flag means death is because they've seen
really good very well received queer
content happen and get thrown into the
world and then just get ignored by the
the parent studio uh like what
well our flag means death first of all
well no that hasn't been approved yet
but um
oh god you put me on the spot and i
can't think of anything now uh
yeah because i can't think of any like
anything that was like hugely
successful
that wasn't renewed
that was that was gay there was some
stuff that was like ridiculously
expensive
that was really successful that didn't
get renewed yeah because it was like
yeah it's successful but not successful
enough
uh like what was that jupiter
oh sensation jupiter jupiter's legacy
jupiter's legacy uh was hugely
successful it was number one for weeks
and weeks and weeks but they cancelled
it it was a superhero show okay but they
canceled it because although it was
number one it wasn't bringing in the
ratings that it needed well yeah and i
mentioned sense8 that was another thing
that just got not successful no sensei
did not have good ratings sense8 had a
very dedicated
small following yeah
um
whereas
you know our flag means death isn't
netflix but our flag means death has a
huge fan base
as because you see the people talking
about it and it's people in their 60s
it's teenagers it's everyone in between
yeah yeah and so it's like it has a huge
following what there wasn't there when
when you when we put out the video about
it there were a bunch of people in the
comments that said they hadn't turned to
the show well yeah because they're not
on the internet okay so like that so
it's i guess you know if you're not on
the internet you wouldn't get a lot of
streaming content projected at you
because that's kind of where streaming
exists well yeah especially like and
here's the other thing here's another
big criticism of netflix from me
you know me coming from a marketing
kind of mindset
they don't
advertise you never ever see an ad for
the new season of the witcher is coming
out this weekend yeah that could never
be
like we were both excited for like two
weeks but like even when the witcher was
coming out the first season they never
advertised it yeah they they do do a lot
of relying on word of mouth and stuff
and hope that everything's going through
like new for um
articles and stuff like that and when
you get on netflix sometimes there'll be
promotion on the home page
but that's it nothing they don't do any
advertising to bring you to netflix
which i think is what they need to
change because there are a lot of shows
that they pump a lot of money into
that just die on the vine
um
like russian doll season two season one
was hugely successful they did nothing
to advertise season two remember when
they released set pictures um of season
two before trailer and everyone's like
okay where trailer um and then they got
the meme of like trailers what a concept
yeah
so yeah netflix like um but is this all
gonna is this gonna ripple out into
other streaming services
no
the other streaming services
are still building their audience
unless it comes down that all the
streaming services lost subscribers
um in which case it does become a
a situation of there are too many of you
some of you need to join forces and make
like
together some of you need to cancel your
[ __ ] and make a deal with netflix or
something
or you're gonna have to deal with less
subscribers because there are too many
of you yeah honestly like there is a
dizzying amount of streaming services
and i was thinking it was dizzy when
there were like four of them uh well i
remember people saying there's there's
getting to be too many when there was
just netflix
hulu amazon prime and then disney plus
entered the arena yeah and people were
like there's getting to be too many yeah
like disney's probably safe because it's
got the disney backlog but you know
number five that's too many but even and
since then there's been peacock hbo max
cbs all access
and the thing is all of them seem to
have something worth signing up for hbo
max has a lot of interesting stuff like
for instance hbo max um
the batman goes to hbo max i think like
two months before it comes out on
blu-ray
um
uh any warner brothers movie 45 days
after it enters theaters goes to hbo max
so like they kind of have that
going for them um
they also have
so hbo max has some really good shows
they have um
flight attendant
our flags mean death our flag means
death
um
uh
uh oh god what was that show i was just
watching it
um minx minx links was [ __ ] fabulous
i love that and you're really upset that
you never really got you know advertised
just outward because like i have not
come across anyone talking about that
show and it's like are people shy
because it shows dicks
in your room like it's a hilarious show
it's incredibly well made the actoring
is fantastic and
yeah it shows boobs and tits and dick it
shows dick a lot of dick hard dick hard
deck hard day i might watch it like
really hard making up for game of
thrones then yeah
and it's not like a flash it's like no
it's there like the center of the screen
oh wow um
like there's there's one episode where
they're they're doing a new cover and
it's like um they're remaking it's the
modern david so it's like it's a guy and
he's posed like
uh michelangelo's david yeah but his
dick is huge
and they're like
this is kind of obscene the real one is
so small and eventually they get him in
a pose where it's like his dick isn't
showing
but it's like it was such a good show
and so funny and so prescient
talking about like
how feminism at the time was like no
feminism is for women i don't know why
you want to have a magazine with dicks
in it women don't like that but then it
shows it you know it becomes a real news
to me it becomes a really popular
magazine um
and so you know it it's and there's gay
characters on there and there's all
sorts of different female characters you
know like ancient societal belief that
women just don't like sex
oh it's like yeah they don't like it the
way straight men do that like i remember
like see like it being a big deal and
like sort of like seeing movies and tv
shows like kind of openly talk about
like women who enjoy their sex life i'm
like and i was like you mean that's not
a thing like women are just like yeah if
all straight sex is you know just
missionary he humps five times and then
has a shower oh my god have you ever
read any like um
uh women's puberty manuals from like the
50s and 40s oh
they are like that it's sort of anything
it's women it's less about like it's
literally like almost nothing the one
that i read through was like literally
nothing about like actual puberty very
little about xp really nothing about
menstruation nothing about you know like
hygiene a lot of it was like um
instruction manuals okay make sure that
you are in bed before him and in bed uh
no he needs to be in bed first and you
need to be out of bed first
um so that by the time he wakes up you
can have his toast and coffee ready
um
uh and then like the section on
lovemaking was like um make sure to lie
on your back lie still
um
basically kind of says do what he wants
in like you know fancy terms but says
like when
while he is lovemaking
make sure to make his little noises
possible perhaps at climax make a brief
moan but that should be sufficient and
like it is so clinical it is so
ridiculous like
painful it was so painful it was if it
wasn't reality it would be hilarious it
literally felt like satire
but anyway yeah like hbo max has these
great shows and
cbs all access has picard which star
trek fans will love
um
and it also has uh lower decks which
some star trek fans don't love because
it has like sex involved in it like a
lot of them are it's an animated show oh
right
and you know other but other ones are
like this is hilarious and fantastic
there's a there's a grizzly cat the
doctor is a
catwoman um i've seen trans people gonna
go nuts over because she's just really
grumpy she's like an old old she's like
old and wizard cat and like
but like all of the streaming services
have something worth watching
and so it makes sense that people will
but the thing is they it's not constant
content
uh like netflix is yeah and so people
you know they churn them they go through
them they're like okay you know this
month next month next remember disney
plus was infamously bad for that when it
started out especially because it
cancelled a few things up front that it
had it for it had for it slate and had
these sections where nothing new was
coming out well yeah because it was
shifting things like it was like oh
actually love victor's gonna go on hulu
instead the hillary duff show is just
got cancelled just got canceled lizzie
mcguire the lizzie mcguire uh yeah adult
show just got kicked there were some
other ones that just got cancelled out
right
and it's like because of creative
differences like this is not the time
for you to kind of have these problems
when you want to launch this thing you
need to hit the ground running i mean
disney plus had the backup of decades
and decades of
back material but honestly it was the
symptoms simpsons that pulled it through
sometimes was the most watched on disney
blast for forever
yeah it's only recently that disney plus
original content is actually getting to
the top there yeah and it's usually a
movie that they didn't put out in
theaters yeah um but you know they could
do picks or a solid and pat them on the
back maybe but give them some bonuses or
something yeah but uh [ __ ] disney [ __ ]
disney
but yeah it's so it's it's a little
frustrating kind of seeing
because it's frustrating from like a few
different angles because the industry
is not handling this well netflix isn't
really responding great they're just
kind of they're not lowering prices
they're punishing their users basically
because that's like verboten in the in
the business industry is you sh you can
raise prices but you can't lower them
yeah because lowering them makes it look
like you've failed yeah and so
especially the way around that is kind
of like oh well this month we're putting
on a special deal
where if you sign up um for a year you
get the full amount like 20 off yeah
which netflix doesn't have
you can't sign up for netflix for a year
we were thinking about that the other
day actually yeah like so it would be
smart for netflix to have a yearly plan
that you know you save
two months off of or something like that
or you pay for 11 months
and you get 12 or something like that
and
then
they like
you don't have churn because people
aren't going to churn year to year yeah
they'll churn month to month but not
year to year uh which is why disney plus
hasn't seen much churn lately because
they have the annual manuscript
annual manuscripts manuscripts and you
will subscribe it's also frustrating
because on the other side from like the
side of investors and you know even like
you know audience to an extent like
there's this very reactionary viewpoint
that you know like okay we've had a
little bit of a dip in numbers but like
we'll be okay and everyone's like no you
won't you're gonna die this is the end
forever well that's that's that's that's
my god the stock market me an anxiety um
that's the the journalists who are
trying to get people to click on their
their articles saying like you know is
this the death of netflix and then they
all come to the same conclusion no it's
not netflix is fine
save to a quick yeah um
and
you know that's their job to get clicks
and so they have to do the bull and some
it's not even the writers who do that
it's the editors that put out the
[ __ ] headlines um
but it's it's
it's dis for me personally
it's disheartening to see
netflix take a dive
in subscribers right now
literally just because heart stopper
just came out
and i'm like
okay luckily the dive happened before
that came out so they can't blame it on
that yeah um
but it's like will that give them reason
to be like
[Music]
you only hit number six on the on the
chart
so and that's what i mean like you know
like you know uh the queer audiences and
queer content has always been like the
punching bags of studios and networks
yeah it's the easiest thing to get rid
of because it's the smallest group of
people that will fight back well not
just that but it's also kind of there's
the cultural mindset is that you know
queerdom is still very fringe it's still
very new and there are people who will
be very you know put off by it so like
um
this is kind of always in like the
discussion about movie stuff is like is
this you know gay if is this two-second
gay reference going to be what tanks the
movie and you know like we talk about
you and i talk about this all the time
you know like if this movie doesn't do
well it'll be because the they'll blame
the queer stuff they'll blame yeah and i
mean that's that's like that happened
with a lot of people blamed eternals not
doing well on the gay character and it's
like no eternals just wasn't that great
a movie
uh it wasn't
mass audience safe
um
the new fantastic beasts movie horrible
and people are pissed off at jk rowling
for her [ __ ] but because dumbledore
says he loved a guy twice for six months
warner brothers isn't but
um
people in the the media space are saying
like is it because of the gay stuff that
people didn't go see it and now doctor
strange and the multiverse of madness
has been banned in multiple countries
because there is a gay moment which i'm
assuming is chavez's moms
um and so it's been banned in a bunch of
middle eastern countries likely will be
banned in china uh unless they cut out
that moment which they probably will but
i was also saying these two the other
day the lack of enthusiasm about this
movie in general uh multiverse of
madness yeah but it could be like that's
what i mean is even if there is a lack
of
of excitement over it because i because
of you know any number of reasons yeah
if it doesn't do
you know a billion dollars disney could
easily say
it's the gay thing yeah you know there
were lesbian moms in it
and because of that people didn't go see
it and you know the golden rule of enter
of the entertainment industry is that
executives do not pay attention to
reasons why they don't have that level
of media literacy they kind of resort to
the numbers game yeah um and so it
doesn't matter what is different from
this than all the other ones the other
all the other first gay character
things well it's like you know the art
they can't even say oh different from
all the other marvel movies like what's
different about this one it's like and
that's not even really different because
you've had gay characters in other
marvel movies including the most
successful movie of all time
so
you know he's barely in it but you know
there is a gay character in there
um and but you know like it looks at the
thing like there's a there's a gay
character in here so that's there
instead of reading the context of like
you know like the oversaturation of
marvel the very competitive media space
right now um general kind of you know
fatigue around you know yeah with like
doctor strange in particular like you
said there's over saturation there's
been way too much marvel content in 2021
yeah um
there hasn't been anything this year yet
not yet no moon night oh right moon
night but um but like yeah but like even
outside of that people
the people have lost there's too much
marvel and so people aren't excited
about it anymore yeah it's not it's not
an event anymore it's just like okay the
marvel of the marvel thing this week
like yeah
and people are also very
hesitant about it because there there's
a lot of people you included who have a
very
um
close
bond with the scarlet witch character
yeah and and they're kind of looking at
the
the tea leaves and being like
are you gonna do what i think you're
gonna do yeah yeah
and so like pre-sale numbers haven't
been great
like we have our tickets um
they're actually going to the first
showing for normal people
in north america
in imax
yeah because we're in a special time
zone yeah because we're in a special
like i'm not gonna lie i am a little
nervous but i think i'm at the point
where i have resolved that if it's
disappointing it's not going to be like
you know the end of the world because
well i i am basically i have decided
that i will watch spoiler reviews before
we see it even though it will ruin the
movie for me because what will ruin it
worse is if something i really don't
want to happen happens yeah and so i
need to go in there with
okay what happens to wanda
if she ends it
alive as a villain
okay
if she ends it dead
no but also just like i'm kind of over
the whole like wanda being a villain
thing because like you know okay but
that's the thing if she ends the movie
on a villa as a villain
that means she's still alive to be
redeemed yeah and to go forward and
develop the character more
if she dies
it's just like
well i don't i don't think you killed
her as a villain i don't think that
she's gonna die but like the whole like
kind of villain route like okay so she
splits open the the multiverse so that
she can get some kids back um i don't
think that that's gonna happen that's
not like what's gonna go down because
like that doesn't really fit the
character that exists in the comments i
don't think she splits it open i think
she is going to basically kidnap
chavez
to help her find a reality where the
kids are alive okay but like um we like
wanda becomes a villain because she does
multiverse stuff but you know we just
had a spider-man movie where peter
parker rips open the multiverse because
he's inconvenienced and is never at once
dr strange ripped it open
but he's the hero now
that's what i mean like you know you
have two men who did some serious
hardcore [ __ ] with the fabric of
reality because this one kid was
slightly inconvenienced yeah yeah
they're there and they're fine now
they're they they're fine they were
never their heroic status was never once
called into question like you know like
whether these people are actually heroic
that was never once raised even though
there were ample opportunities for that
to happen in that movie but that had you
know that that
but this is getting into a discussion
yeah that has sex like sexism and
misogyny that exists in like you know
like audiences and that'll happen at
some point probably uh podcast podcast
broadcast um video
video
puck gay yeah whatever um but so like
there's a lot that is kind of hung up on
this especially because marvel is trying
to sort of but that that's that's
another thing uh and this is just
something that came to my brain what
so all of the streaming services now
are releasing weekly
yeah or they're releasing two episodes a
week like i think hbo max does two
episodes a week um
um but most of them do like three
episodes up front and then an episode a
week whereas netflix still does the
friday the friday friday dump everything
comes out they experimented with uh
arcane three episodes at a time yeah
um
and i think netflix should maybe
if not i don't like the idea of weekly
television yeah you hate that but
they might need to
because
what kind of happens with netflix is
something will be super duper popular
splash and then vanish like and then
vanish
if it doesn't create memes it goes away
if it's not tiger king or the witcher it
just but even then like you know the
meme edge kind of does last for about a
month but meanwhile you know like you
had disney plus going on with uh one
division california
soldier but just just think about one
division yeah
still today like you know people are
still talking just in case the mondays
like you know well yeah and it's like
four eight weeks
every thurs every friday morning
people watched one division yeah and so
for eight weeks people were talking
about one division which was free
advertising for disney plus yeah netflix
doesn't have that
and i think netflix let netflix relies
on his brown power yeah like i think
netflix
maybe should do stuff like like with
heartstopper i think they could have
released
half one week and half the next week to
have a week of talk
or maybe they could have done because
like three episodes three episodes four
episodes suspensions between episodes
does a lot to kind of drive a lot of
public interest like kind of raising
questions about directions for
characters what's going to happen
whereas like you know like when things
are released like all at once like we'll
use um russian doll season two as an
example uh if it's not coming out every
week if you miss it that first week
maybe you forget about it and i have
seen a lot of people commenting on my
heart stopper video saying oh my god i
watched the first two episodes it's so
cute i absolutely love it i can't wait
until i have time to watch more
which is like
but will you find that time yeah will
you forget about it
whereas if it was coming out every week
even if it's two episodes a week
then
it's only two episodes a week you can
find the time for that but can you find
the time to sit down for four hours do
people have time to binge content
anymore especially like i mean i do it's
my job well yeah yeah yeah uh but like
even love it
what i do even the idea of like you know
like um people
working for work invading home spaces uh
more and more with this working with as
they adapted to why they're working from
home or like pulling people back to the
office uh our work uh culture has
not gracefully adapted to the economy
and it is manifesting very ugly
back to you know like regular kind of
back to normal apparently
uh sort of thinking even
and i think this is another instance of
the ways that um you know employers are
kind of taking advantage of a short
memory of worker base um i i i didn't
really work now well i don't i don't
work in an office now but i haven't
worked in an office for a very long time
maybe you should
is that a threat are you gonna fire me
no i was saying maybe i should get an
office and make you go to it every day
at 9 00 a.m and
clock in and
no
the crowd seems to think no that's what
we should do no i just wanted to press
the button because i wanted to cut you
off the way you cut me off uh
i don't i don't have my headphones on i
can't hear what the music is still going
well there was a thing okay um
but um
you know like the way have
employers since the end of the pandemic
and you know this is a question for
patrons i guess like have
employers taking advantage of a
short-term memory loss and sort of
become more aggressive in terms of their
hours uh their workplace demands uh
because people don't seem as interested
in streaming as they did five years ago
you know that's enough interested in uh
binging that's another thing
well yeah because binging was very
standard well no it was it was very um
uh
oh
word fail um novel
it was very novel that you got to watch
the whole thing all at once the whole
season of daredevil all at once the
whole season of of of grace and frankie
the whole season of orange is the new
black you didn't have to wait a week and
it was just go you could just watch the
whole thing you didn't have to wait to
see what happens with daenerys it was
just yeah done
um
which
i loved because i i'm impatient i
[ __ ] hate waiting
um
it's like you know we're recording this
on saturday night it's not going out
until
wednesday no sunday night sunday night
we're recording this sunday night but it
doesn't go out until tuesday morning and
i'm like what am i going to do for all
day monday then
um
so i'm like why shouldn't i put it out
on monday
why shouldn't i put it out um yeah you
you
why shouldn't i keep it
yes
but yeah what i was getting at was
that's a really good point is that
um
has the novelty worn off
for the last two years netflix has seen
exponential growth
because people had nothing to do but
watch netflix
even when they were working from home
they were sitting on their couch with
their laptop and tiger king was on yeah
like they always they had nothing to do
but put on netflix and so netflix had
more subscribers it was growing and
grown and grown and grown and grown now
netflix lost these i think it's 200 000
it might be a different number but let's
say 200 000. maybe that's just the
maturation of netflix maybe they're the
200 000 that we're never going to stick
around after the pandemic now that
things are going back to normal they're
gone but maybe the number will solidify
at maybe a million less than what they
had but it's still like a billion or
half a million peop half a billion
people yeah on netflix
but the problem is that is a bit of yeah
200 000 is a little bit of a you know
like a drop in the bucket to drop in the
bucket but the problem is american
capitalism is exponential growth forever
or you have failed oh i'm triggered by
this that's something that bothers me
about stock market product not even
stock market practices stock market law
it is a
it is a publicly traded company's legal
obligation to always make more money
make more money than before than the
year prior and like i don't understand
how that's possible because that's not
that's driving society into a situation
like mcdonald's like you're going to hit
a point where you're just not people
aren't going to be interested in eating
more big macs than they already do yeah
like and it's like with disney at some
point so like the solution to that is
okay we'll raise prices yes and that's
what happens is that you know with with
the disney parks it used to be disney
world and disneyland disney world
specifically was set up
so that it wasn't exponentially
expensive
so that families from all across the
united states could come to florida and
see mickey mouse
by the 90s it was
middle class families from all across
the united states could come to florida
and see mickey mouse by the time i was a
teenager it was
upper middle-class families and now with
that [ __ ] star wars hotel it's like
people with so much money that they can
burn it
uh can come stay at a windowless hotel
for three nights yeah and so like what
the problem with that too is that you're
going to get into it into a henry ford
situation where
um you choose like okay do you make a
potentially just starting start
supporting hitler
you you build your own commune you horse
forward still alive during hitler oh
yeah yeah yeah okay you force your
workers to live there and you pay them
in food stamps that you they can buy
from henry ford uh food suppliers
it's gonna say that's kind of what tyler
perry is doing but not what the food
stamps think oh yeah yeah like he has a
compound for his workers but that was to
protect yeah henry ford paid people in a
special henry ford currency that could
be redeemed at henry ford owned um
the report that is that is
where i grew up that's how it worked the
coal miners
lived in houses that was given to them
called company houses and they were
basically duplexes and they were given
to them uh they
quote unquote given to them by the
mining company
uh by the mining corporation which then
came out of their paycheck
and they basically didn't really get a
paycheck because they were they they
shopped at the company store
and it was just you know
that's how it worked now this was like a
century ago but that's how well was
henry ford yeah really but like so like
it's like how is that not communism
that's how the soviet union worked uh
yeah like how is that not bad communism
because you were still dependent on a
higher figure deciding who yeah it's
just not the state yeah it's a
corporation uh it's like walmart
it's like if you work at walmart you can
only afford to shop at walmart yeah
which
walmart doesn't even give a very good
discount none of those lower income
places don't give a very good discount
you know when i worked for tim hortons i
got 15
off of coffee
and ten percent off of select bakery
just cause i should say coffee for
[ __ ] free
like they dump half of it out half of
the time you're not wrong i know
literally like
you just give get give give your like
you especially because you want them to
be perky and peppy for customers give
them free coffee anyway
i worked at walmart twice and it's a ten
percent discount
ten percent yes there was one pla i
worked at best uh future shop which was
the canadian best buy before best buy
it's no longer boss anymore
they had a really good discount system
you got no discount off of things like
macbooks and stuff but anything in store
that there was a markup on you didn't
pay the markup oh nice yeah that was
that was their discount system so i got
a lot of i got a lot of i got a 400
sound bar for 60 bucks she's that's
that's also a hell of a markup
to the tv right now um
uh for uh closed captioning james
pointed at the tv yeah
james points to television
um
i just verbally uh closed captions but
that sounds like
against the rules but anyway like yeah
how has helpful has our work culture
changed uh since the end of the since
the quote end of the pandemic in a way
that doesn't really permit for as easy
of streaming of binging anymore do
people just not have the time or energy
to binge anymore because people are
exhausted from i don't think it's time
or ener i don't think it's an energy
thing but i do think it's the time
because if you are going back to an
office if your employer has not
instituted you know
the
the thing that is smart and okay let's
stop paying for this office that we
don't need because we've proven for two
years that people can work from home
and we don't have to pay light bills or
anything anymore and there's that means
we don't have to pay them more money but
we get more profit because we're not
paying rent anyway
um
so if your employer
is making you go back to the office you
know that's travel time in the morning
travel time in the evening working
throughout the day
i'm just thinking
like a lot of places i worked when i
would be bored i would just put on
netflix but um no you know most offices
have this like nazi-esque thing where
they monitor what you're doing on your
computers and and it's like oh you have
facebook open close to facebook oh i
didn't even but when i was working at
all center i'd even bother touching
facebook when i was on wikipedia
sometime like between like and
responding to emails sometimes a manager
would rock a walk over even for less
than like five minutes after an email i
would walk over and be like yeah you're
taking too much time for yourself i'm
like i'm literally swapping out tabs
between this and wikipedia about i don't
know i think it was that was that was
when i was on my kung fu binge
uh kung fu spiral it's been a while
since i had a good like wikipedia spiral
uh but what i'm asking is like is there
something different now about our
welcome culture than it was before then
pandemic and sort of hear me out right
now so
uh people who haven't been working at
home we're talking about surface
uh infamous example is wendy's and like
mass walkouts and people just stop
stopping doing work because so much work
was demanded of what employees remained
yeah uh like we were talking about like
60-hour 80-hour weeks
um
have employers
acclimated
to giving
fewer employees more responsibilities
like that and have employees acclimated
to doing that work and second of all so
like you know that would feed into a
lack of time and energy because like if
p if that still is the norm for i don't
think so because what is what i'm
actually seeing is more people being
employed for less hours
so people just can't afford the
streaming services uh so it's not a
matter of not having the time as they
can afford it but also the second second
thing people who have been working from
home i saw a lot towards the within the
first to second year of the pandemic i
saw a lot of people
um
having very strong issues with their
employers for being very invasive with
their home life for instance you know
hooking up their personal computers to
those observational services
reducing employee pay or reducing salary
because well you don't have to you don't
have to travel and you don't have to
travel to the office you don't have to
take lunch so we didn't need to pay you
as much and it's like that's not what
the arrangement was yeah but anyway so
going on so like um and not only that
but demanding more for employ from their
employees because without without
respecting our boundaries so it's like
okay you're working from home here's
communication stuff i'm gonna get i can
get in touch with you literally
any one of the 24 hours well that's
literally how it is if you work salary
yeah it doesn't matter like if if you
work salary you're basically on call 24
7.
which is a big a thing that a lot of
people are like oh my god i would love
salary because then you know you're
guaranteed a certain amount it's like
yeah but you're not guaranteed a certain
amount of hours yeah and even when you
interview for a salary position at least
in my instances they have said like you
know sometimes you might have to work 50
or 60 hours a week but you know we'll
take that into account when you're when
like for you know if you need a day off
or anything like that um
and in most cases i never worked 50 or
60 hours a week i worked my 35 hours
that was it but also folks make sure
that when you are going to situations
for interviews that you do have
negotiating power if an employer wants
to hire you i mean a lot of people don't
have that
skill set no it's not a skill set it's
they don't have
negotiating power they need a job well
yeah yeah that's that yeah that's the
case but like
um if you do have leverage make sure you
you can get things worked into your
contract about your work um yeah like if
you have leverage yeah like absolutely
but i mean if you're just if you're
looking for a job you're
just kind of screwed you can't like i
have heard about people who have worked
in their contract that um they don't
they aren't responsible for their team's
duties they're responsible for their
duties
um so you know stuff like that
yeah
but this is an episode about streaming
services
talking about factors that may be
contributing to why people
would be moving away from you know like
streaming services or why netflix would
suffer that bump or you know like what
the future of streaming services could
be
well yeah and like i said i think this
the future of streaming
really
should be
i i loathe saying this
the weekly model
or even if it's you know dropping two
episodes
on friday instead of one episode first
releases to get things out faster
because you have so much content you
need to get through
um
like
and so especially for half hour shows
do two two episodes a week yeah um
because like
it just doesn't feel like that important
for a half hour show but like when minx
was coming out it wasn't i was a half
hour show but i was getting an hour of
it and so i did sit down every thursday
and watch it um
and
so i think that's probably the future of
streaming is
a more
uh drawn out release process because
then you can have
like okay this show comes out on monday
this show comes out on tuesday the show
comes out on wednesday instead of just
we're dropping 40 different things on
friday and 39 of them are never going to
be seen by anybody yeah that's that's
and that means 39 of them are not
bringing in any any revenue that's 39
that's 39 of them that were overspent
and did not need to have money spent on
when you just needed that one yeah so
like you know
talking about netflix wasting money so
like the question that i have here is
netflix is famous for sort of
setting the capitalistic standard of
sitting back and crossing their arms and
saying well uh blockbuster if you don't
like it you should have adapted yeah um
so will they adapt yeah is that the
question netflix's business model has
succeeded off of this rampant wanton
overspending
um and then kind of dropping everything
on one day and seeing what takes off and
you know kind of writing off what
doesn't um
is it going is it part of their business
model will they
to kind of not adapt is that the thing
like will they kind of be like no this
is this is netflix netflix do what
netflix does if we were someone else i
mean they have been adapting from the
very beginning
um
so that's why it's kind of weird seeing
them kind of dig their heels in this
time and say like we're gonna change but
the change is going to be anti-consumer
yes whereas usually their adaptations
are going in the opposite direction and
i think it's because
they need they're like
going in a more anti-consumer direction
because that's what their stockholders
want yes
um
their stockholders want
because saying we're going to you know
get rid of screen sharing and we're
going to get rid of or account sharing
we're going to
create new tiers is something that can
be done within a month
it's not long-term thinking yeah which
is what needs to be done to fix a
company apple was not saved by steve
jobs coming in and a month later they
had money it took years before steve
jobs came back in in the late 90s to
when you know
the ipod became a thing yeah the ipod
didn't come out when steve jobs joined
the company again yeah it's because
steve jobs needed time to work on the
technology to make sure that they were
releasing a product that was worth
releasing yeah like so it takes a while
to get these things working i remember
when smartphones only did music and that
was it
no they always had like internet i was
joking because like the ipods were
originally like smartphone sized and
vaguely smartphone shaped and kind of
yeah so like you know remember when
smartphones only had music on them i
remember when jokes about the iphone it
was
uh
an ipod but without the wheel it was
like a blackberry keyboard and it's like
oh apple's going to release an iphone
and then they actually did it and it's
like oh
well yeah because before that like i i
thought that phone company a couple
companies did try and experiment with
touch screens but they didn't get
yeah they didn't and the ones that there
was one that didn't
use a stylus but they could they didn't
work properly yeah because it was
pressure sensitive screens because it
was like it was like those two layer
screens where you pressed it yes down
and like on this like layer of plastic
yeah like they do on um
ironically tim horton's tills the touch
screens on this one yeah gross uh bad
memories okay no we're not going there
no nope and they might not do that
anymore
i mean when somebody's no they are
better at touch screens i'm in there
just getting flashbacks too oh there
but yeah so it's what do you guys think
is the future of streaming
uh
i funnily when when the the news hit
that netflix had lost 200 000
subscribers
nebula put out a tweet about how they
had gained x amount of subscribers and
stuff like that i just got really
salty yeah i'm like
yeah but netflix has a lot more gay
content than you do oh um shots are fire
shots were fired shots have been fired
shots are fired in
nebula and i am not defending
netflix because they've done some shitty
[ __ ] with like dave chappelle and stuff
but you know they've also done some good
stuff that other
companies didn't touch
and
so
yeah what do you guys think is the
future of streaming do you think it's
going to go to a weekly model do you
think it's going to
um that commercials via streaming are
going to be the way to go don't imagine
uh
if like i sometimes i don't even watch a
netflix uh youtube video because it has
an ad and i'm like screw this i'm not
i'm not bothering i can't i can't be
bothered and also
horrible
that is how youtubers make money um
you know this is like music videos and
stuff
that is how record labels make money off
of youtube they make money off of
touring and concerts live performances
not the record labels
um
[Music]
it's when it's like the double ad you
know
like there's two ads in a row
you one of them is usually only five
seconds though yeah
um
i feel bad now i'm sorry
for anyone who wants to make sure to
support their their favorite youtube
creators watch the ads and turn off ad
blockers or just you know look check see
if they have a patreon
or do that yeah but you know it also
helps to force youtube to pay them
um
but uh
what and what what streaming services
are do you guys
like subscribe to which are are there
any that you're married to that you
won't unsubscribe to
like i've been subscribed to netflix
since 2013 and i haven't unsubscribed at
any point and every time i get an email
that says like oh it's going up a dollar
i'm like that's fine whatever
um i just kind of brush it off because i
i use netflix a lot
um
but like if you if netflix had ads like
you know you're you're gonna be there
falling asleep to grace and frankie and
then between i would not be honest
that's what i mean yeah the ad tier is
is like 5.99 yeah i'll pay the 20 bucks
so i don't have to deal with that [ __ ]
um so i mean like that'd be so
disruptive like you know like getting
into a vibe and like kind of chilling
out and then all of a sudden blasting
loud commercial like especially if they
had the the
stuff the cable does where you do where
commercials and tv shows are louder well
it's not because it's not the
commercials are louder it's that
networks don't have
um standards saying that
everything has to reach a certain
decibel
um
so
commercials are
can be produced much louder than tv
shows because commercials are usually
produced on the cheap whereas tv shows
have sound mixers yeah and so okay
yeah just you know like everyone
everyone has those memories of being at
the grandparents place where like
they're listening to the news on like a
reasonable value and then all of a
sudden it goes to commercial and then
like the entire house shakes yeah it's
like
sunday sunday sunday
stop in and buy a car and while you're
here eat a hot dog and sell your child
oh my god i'm getting i'm getting more
flashbacks
sell your child
sell your child for a car and or hot dog
and or hot dog
not for a car and a hot dog and or a hot
dog modest proposal this trading your
child for a car should be made into hot
dogs
i mean would it really be any different
if we found out hot dogs were made of
people i wouldn't eat them probably
i don't think it would make them taste
any different
no but i i would
these days i don't even really eat hot
dogs at all anyway
what's the last time you were i had a
hot dog you had one at the movie theater
but like outside of that i love movie
theater hot dogs
um i remember like when we were at the
movie theater and like you wanted to get
a hot dog and they wouldn't
and you were just
the indignant on your face
when we went to see the batman man uh it
was we went on a sunday and on monday
restrictions were being lifted in the
province but on sunday the restrictions
were there that they could not serve
food and i was there and i was indignant
that i could knock you out because you
were so excited to go to the movie
theater and get a movie theater hot dog
and then like they just wouldn't let you
and you're like you learned that it was
the day before that they would be lifted
and you were just so salty i was just
like so angry
so as soon as we went to see everything
everywhere all at once i was like i need
hot dog
i need a hot dog
but anyway
the streaming podcast turned into the
hot dog podcast
um
so yeah what do you guys think is the
future of streaming
what streaming services are your
favorite and
what streaming shows are your favorite
and why is it heart stopper
all right everyone
[Laughter]
we will end the podcast here and we will
be back next week with another topic of
important of import import of import of
relevance of relevance a relevant topic
gravitas
gravitas of import gravitas um
reverence
this has been
this has been the padreon
episode two my name is james i'm nick
thank you guys for
never listening waste an opportunity
[Applause]